I didn't expect you to ask this, who else will you find this woman?
Did I say it wrong? Last time,
You have conquered Wan Shaoyi’s woman,
This time I dug Xiong Yue's small wine again, and I drank enough for everyone I met.
You are going to die, you understand, you understand
This is the factory branch of Wanjia
If you dare to mess around
Xiong Yue can't protect you, Mr. Wan, what he said was a bit short.
If this matter
If I have some money to eat at my house,
I can't explain it
You actually know that this is Wanjia’s territory
I followed him to find him
What does Wanjia have to do with you?
I am the eldest young master of the Wan family
Today’s Ten Thousand Business Conference
Just do this for me